docs: fix broken links (#7123)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/auth/usage/index.md

with the [`User`](/reference/auth/user) details.

In case any errors occur, the module provides support for identifying what specifically went wrong by attaching a code

> to the error. For a full list of error codes available, view the [Firebase documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/v8/firebase.auth.Auth#error-codes_9).

Reviewer: Prefer pointing to current URL vs the v8 one

```suggestion
to the error. For a full list of error codes available, view the [Firebase documentation](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/auth.md#autherrorcodes).
```
